README.md, before:

# Exercism

Got here from signing up for #12in23. Apparently when you configure the CLI,
there's a root folder for all the tracks and exercises.

## #12in23

The original impetus for this repository came from the #12in23 challenge: where
I'll be challenging myself to gain command of 12 languages through the 12 months
of 2023. This is very similar to my [7L7W][1] challenge. But it's been 9 years
since that challenge, and a good time to learn again.

I'll be talking about the exercises [on Twitter][1], and may be vlogging [on
YouTube][2] as well. The goal is to sharpen the programming skills, and
hopefully the "social sharing"™ skills.

### Languages

I've chosen my 12 disciple-languages, my 12 disciplines:

- Awk
- Bash
- Clojure
- Crystal
- Dart
- Elixir
- F#
- Julia
- Red
- Rust
- Vimscript
- WebAssembly

## My Setup

```sh
brew install exercism
```

…then

```sh
vim
```

…that's about it.

All coding will be done in Vim, and hopefully live-streamed on YouTube.


## How to Contribute

1. Chat on Twitter.
1. Exercise together.
1. Star this GitHub repo. It helps
1. Follow on YouTube


  [1]: https://twitter.com/Yaasky/status/1616224266088767488
  [2]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCGtXR4kLo0DHNOXaNvIIDA

Commit message:

Update README with current decision: no live-streaming

README.md, after:

# Exercism

Got here from signing up for #12in23. Apparently when you configure the CLI,
there's a root folder for all the tracks and exercises.

## #12in23

The original impetus for this repository came from the #12in23 challenge: where
I'll be challenging myself to gain command of 12 languages through the 12 months
of 2023. This is very similar to my [7L7W][1] challenge. But it's been 9 years
since that challenge, and a good time to learn again.

I'll be talking about the exercises [on Twitter][1]~~, and may be vlogging [on
YouTube][2] as well~~. The goal is to sharpen the programming skills, and
hopefully the "social sharing"™ skills.

### Languages

I've chosen my 12 disciple-languages, my 12 disciplines:

- Awk
- Bash
- Clojure
- Crystal
- Dart
- Elixir
- F#
- Julia
- Red
- Rust
- Vimscript
- WebAssembly

## My Setup

```sh
brew install exercism
```

…then

```sh
vim
```

…that's about it.

All coding will be done in Vim, ~~and hopefully live-streamed on YouTube.~~
Tried streaming and my M1 Air started overheating. Then I remembered the reason
I chose an Air in the first place was not to do audiovisuals. You'll have to
keep up with Twitter and GitHub.


## How to Contribute

1. Chat on Twitter.
1. Exercise together.
1. Star this GitHub repo. It helps
1. ~~Follow on YouTube~~


  [1]: https://twitter.com/Yaasky/status/1616224266088767488
  [2]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCGtXR4kLo0DHNOXaNvIIDA
